IBX-1440: Add description metadata (#133)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/publishing/advanced_publishing_options.md

---

> description: You can schedule publication of content and Page blocks for specific times and dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: You can schedule publication of content and Page blocks for specific time and date.
```
